You're here.
Have a seat.
Sorry.
Have you been waiting long?
No.
I just got here too.
Let's order first.
Let me say this first,
it's my treat.
To thank you
for taking me to your school's museum.
Then I'll order the whole menu.
You can order the whole menu if you want.
Waiter, we'd like to order.
Coming.
Here's your water.
Pizza.
And a tiramisu.
Okay.
Some popcorn chicken.
That's it.
Okay, please wait a moment.
Didn't you say you'd order the whole menu?
I want to save the rest for next time.
Look how pretty you are when you smile.
You should smile more.
Last time I saw you at the Jingdezhen Imperial Kiln Museum,
you were sitting there alone, looking very disappointed.
What's wrong?
Is something on your mind?
Are you sure you want to hear it?
It will take a long time.
So,
you have a friend who's helping to
set you up with another guy.
But a girl
got in your friend's way.
Right.
Then your friend
went and blamed this girl.
Right.
And you spoke up for this girl.
So,
your friend turned around and blamed you.
I have to say, this whole thing...
Trust me.
If you were in my shoes,
you'd be just as troubled.
Believe me.
I wouldn't run into a situation like yours.
True.
Sometimes I really envy you.
It seems like you can handle anything
with ease.
Not really.
I have my own troubles too.
And recently, because of this,
I've been too anxious to sleep.
What's wrong?
My job at the Jingdezhen Imperial Kiln Museum is temporary.
So I've always wanted to become a full-time employee.
But the last two times,
I failed at the final interview.
I qualified for the interview again this time.
But thinking about failing the last two times
makes me really nervous.
I get so anxious that I can't sleep.
I didn't expect
you to have this side to you.
So I should thank you.
Every time I see you,
I feel much more relaxed.
This is how this move is done, right?
Like this.
Students,
starting from today,
we will begin
the study and research of the kintsugi restoration process.
The first step of the kintsugi process
is to use raw lacquer to solidify the base.
This involves applying the raw lacquer
onto the broken sections of the ceramics,
joining them together,
and then drying them in a kiln.
This raw lacquer,
as the name suggests,
is a substance formed
after the sap of the lacquer tree is collected.
After this substance dries,
it's resistant to corrosion
and heat,
and also has a beautiful color and luster.
When applied to ceramics,
it's not only practical,
but also adds
color and gloss to the objects.
Class is over.
Want to eat together?
I have something to do.
I'll go first. Bye.
Bye.
What are you doing?
I'm in class.
How's your interview prep going?
You're replying to messages in class?
Pay attention to your class.
Mind your own business.
Class dismissed.
Xiaocen.
Have you thought about it?
Thought about what?
About helping out at Fang Xiaqing's studio.
Is it appropriate?
Yes, of course it is.
And we can finish our homework there.
Then let's have dinner with them tonight.
Dinner?
You are doing this again.
I just feel
that they might
only want you to go.
I wouldn't be able to help much if I go.
Of course not.
But I...
Xu Xiao.
I think you're very talented.
When you graduate,
you won't even need to look for a job.
Just join Banlan Studio.
We cover food, housing, and getting rich.
How about it?
Actually, my skills
are still a work in progress.
I can give it a try.
Xiaocen,
what do you think?
I... I...
Exactly.
Xiaocen,
we are also looking forward
to your joining.
But
I'm not as capable as Xu Xiao at all.
I'm afraid I won't be of much help.
Who says so?
Your drawing skills are very good.
That's right, Xiaocen.
Don't be modest.
Stay and join us.
Let's create better works together,
okay?
Yeah, please stay.
Okay.
Looking at her, I think she agrees.
Come on, let's have a drink.
Cheers.
Let's drink.
Come on.
Come.
Cheers.
No need to see us off.
From today on,
you are employees of Banlan.
You'll start working tomorrow.
Just come over when you don't have classes.
Okay.
Tell me what you want to eat.
I will make it for you.
Okay.
All right, stop talking,
or it'll be tomorrow.
Bye.
Then we're leaving.
Be careful on the road.
Bye.
Everyone is so welcoming.
Yeah.
Actually...
What's wrong?
Actually, I was thinking,
since Xia Qing wants your skills,
maybe I won't be of much help.
That's not true.
I'm used to working with you.
From Mr. Yue's class to the antique shop,
I've always worked with you,
haven't I?
Don't worry.
You can do this.
Let's go.
Okay.
Where is this?
It's my friend's pavilion.
It just happens to be vacant these two days.
Why did you bring me here?
Aren't you having an interview soon?
I figured these two days
must be when you're the most nervous.
So I came up with an idea.
Look.
This is...
This is the route map of the museum.
Yes.
Did I draw it accurately?
Why did you draw this?
Now,
just imagine this is the Imperial Kiln Museum.
It is filled with countless
beautiful treasures.
And I am your first visitor.
Now you need to use the lines under your feet
and your memory
to explain all the collections here to me.
Now.
I've paid for a live guide.
All right.
This way.
Welcome to the Jingdezhen Imperial Kiln Museum.
I am your guide, Qi Yi.
The first thing we see
is the treasure of our museum, Ducktor Sui.
From the Chenghua reign of the Ming Dynasty,
it's a plain tri-color duck-shaped incense burner.
Due to the extreme difficulty of the craftsmanship
and the strict selection system of the imperial kiln,
it was broken and buried in Zhushan for over 500 years.
It was unearthed through archaeology in 1987.
It is unique to the imperial kiln,
and no handed-down pieces have been found.
What we are looking at now
is a vat with a blue-and-white cloud dragon design.
Its main purpose is to store water.
What we see next
is the Three-Interconnected-Pot Vessel.
Alright.
That concludes today's explanation.
I hope you enjoyed it.
Look at you.
You don't even need to be in a real museum
to know every piece in the collection like the back of your hand.
You gave such a great blind presentation.
One hundred points.
I wish I could be as relaxed
during the real interview as I am with you.
The reason you get nervous
is because whenever you mention the words
Jingdezhen Imperial Kiln Museum,
it triggers those bad memories.
So I came up with an idea.
I want to create a new memory for you
to erase those bad ones.
A new memory?
Yeah.
I hope you remember today.
In this imaginary museum,
you fluidly
and smoothly explained all the collections to me.
This way, during your interview,
if you get nervous,
you can think of today,
this very moment,
and think of me.
So,
has today's memory
overshadowed the past?
Thank you.
Its name is Xiaoguai.
It used to be a stray cat nearby.
But everyone in our studio often fed it,
so it came by frequently.
Then we gave it baths, trimmed its nails,
and gave it delicious food.
Now it just stays here and won't leave.
It really likes being petted on the head like this.
Xiaoguai.
You are all here.
Let's go.
Come here. I have something to announce.
Let me tell you two something.
Before you two came to Banlan,
Xiaqing and I have been preparing for her solo exhibition.
Holding this exhibition at the same time,
is hoping that more people
can see Xiaqing's works
and our brand, Banlan.
The most important thing is
there is a Mr. Qin.
If he sees the potential of Banlan
and invests heavily,
it will help our brand grow.
Um,
who is Mr. Qin?
He's an investor Jing is negotiating with.
He is someone our studio
is trying to win over right now.
Originally, this exhibition was supposed to
start next week.
But Xiaqing told me
she needs more time
so you guys can help her
polish the final product.
So the exhibition might be postponed.
Got it.
Then knock the two ends of the ceramic staple
we made earlier into the holes.
This way, the broken pieces can be connected.
Let me try.
Sure.
You can start with this one.
Here.
Come on.
Be careful.
Okay.
The finished product looks roughly like this.
Try to cut it as small as possible.
We will still need to knock
and polish it later.
You edit very well.
I found that I learn quite fast.
You are smart.
You learn things easily.
Little Cutie is barking.
Did Jing forget to feed it?
I'll go.
Thank you, Xiaocen.
It's nothing.
Little Cutie,
what are you barking at?
What's wrong?
Xu Xiao,
do you like Xiaocen?
Wh-what?
You are blushing.
No, I am not.
Yes, you are.
No.
We are just ordinary classmates.
You are not just ordinary classmates.
You clearly care about her.
Care?
No, I don't.
Xiaocen just got up and left.
And you started looking for her.
If that's not caring, what is?
Don't talk nonsense.
And don't say anything stupid to Xiaocen.
Little Cutie is indeed hungry.
Sit.
Let's continue.
Why does she want to kill him?
Weren't they enemies in their past lives?
So in this life,
she seeks revenge on him.
Then why didn't he dodge?
He doesn't have the memories of his past life.
He loves her in this life.
When did he fall in love with her?
Sister,
can you just watch the show properly?
You are doing chores while watching it.
You can't follow the plot.
I wouldn't be able to follow it if I didn't ask you.
Just tell me.
Then don't ask me. Ask Xiaocen.
It's distracting me from the show.
Xiaocen, explain it to your mom.
Xiaocen.
What's wrong?
You don't look well.
Did something happen?
What's wrong? Are you not feeling well?
It's nothing.
Really nothing?
What's going on at your school lately?
You used to come straight home after school,
but now you leave early and come back late every day.
She said she went to Taoxichuan.
What did you go to Taoxichuan for?
There's an
older girl outside of school.
She asked me to help her make pottery.
No.
Your schoolwork is already heavy enough.
Things outside of school,
don't get involved in them.
Okay?
You don't need to earn your tuition.
I'm not doing it for money.
If not for money, then what for?
I don't know why either.
You don't know why but you're still doing it?
Are you doing this just to piss me off?
No, Mom.
Sister, keep your voice down.
Look, you frightened the child.
We need to keep Xiaocen happy.
A broad mind leads to a broad body.
First, we need a broad mind.
Yes, yes.
Okay.
I was speaking too loudly.
Let me tell you, things outside of school,
don't get involved in them.
Look at this period of time,
we've finally got your body conditioned.
The doctor also said you can stop taking Chinese medicine.
Don't ruin your health again.
You know?
I know.
Okay, it's late.
Go to sleep.
Go ahead.
Go to sleep early.
With Xu Xiao's help,
Xia Qing made rapid progress.
She quickly found a new approach to work.
The two of them cooperated
with great tacit understanding.
I even felt that in just a few days,
she had gotten closer to Xu Xiao
than I ever was.
I'm always like this.
I'm always several steps slower than others in everything I do.
The way this world works
is like the TV series Aunt and Mom are following.
The fast pace leaves me breathless.
I really hope that my time with Xu Xiao
could be like the bus that took us home,
moving forward slowly, stop by stop.
But I feel like I'm still at the bus stop right now,
not knowing if the last bus hasn't arrived
or has already left.
Xiaocen.
What are you doing here?
I finished the hand-drawn sketches Xiaoyu and Tian Yuan gave me.
Xia Qing,
I'm free right now.
Do you need any help?
No, thanks.
Things are going smoothly.
I made this cake.
Jing and Xu Xiao said it's delicious.
I hope you like it too.
Thank you.
Enjoy. I'll get going.
This is so delicious.
Xiaocen,
did you notice
anything different about Wang Lin and Li Zhuoting
today?
Sorry, Wu Jing.
I didn't hear a word.
Wang Lin, Wang Lin.
They're not sitting together.
Keep it down.
Right.
Let me tell you,
you have no idea.
Xiaoyi...
Things between the three of them are so complicated right now.
Why?
Weren't Xiaoyi and Wang Lin together before?
After they broke up,
Xiaoyi has been flirting with Li Zhuoting.
So now Wang Lin and Li Zhuoting
aren't sitting together anymore.
Look at how far apart
they are sitting.
They're even sitting in a triangle.
Yeah.
It really is a triangle.
Look how awkward they are now.
Look.
Monitor, is everyone here?
Everyone is here.
Then,
let's start class.
Xiaocen.
Are you going to the antique shop today?
Xia Qing and the others went picking porcelain shards this afternoon.
You don't need to go to the studio so early.
I won't go this afternoon.
Yuexin is treating me to milk tea.
Let's go.
Milk tea.
Xiao Xu.
I have something to share with you.
Do you remember my pair of large chicken-heart walnuts?
What's wrong?
A few mornings ago,
as soon as I arrived at the shop,
I realized one was suddenly missing.
I was so anxious that I searched our shop,
upstairs and downstairs.
It has been with me for over ten years.
I'm attached to it, you know?
Most importantly,
it's called a large chicken heart.
If I lose one, wouldn't that mean I'm missing a heart?
That's not the strangest part.
The strangest thing is
that in the afternoon,
it suddenly appeared on my desk,
in the most conspicuous place.
Right here.
Right in the middle.
Don't you think this is too strange?
How come when I share something with you,
I get no feedback at all?
Didn't I tell you to come with Xiaocen?
There's a bunch of cups in the shop waiting for her to write on.
You can't just grab her
as soon as she has a break.
She needs to rest too.
From the sound of it,
there seems to be a problem.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Did you two have a fight?
No.
Then what's wrong?
Well,
I feel like she's
suddenly become a different person lately.
Did you make her mad?
Mad? Mad about what?
Mad about what?
How would I know what she's mad about?
Let me tell you, stop overthinking.
When it comes to women,
even if you pay 120 percent attention,
you still can't avoid stepping on landmines.
When I, your boss, was young,
I suffered a lot in this regard.
Stop overthinking.
Women.
I didn't get it when I was young.
I don't get it now.
And in the future,
I doubt I will, either.
Xu Xiao.
Reply to him. Hurry.
Xiaocen.
Why did you ask me to come today?
I want to sincerely
apologize to you.
Apologize?
Have you been
unhappy lately?
No.
I know you've been unhappy lately.
I also know
that you're not someone who gets angry easily.
I can be a bit slow
when dealing with people.
Sometimes I make people unhappy.
So,
is it my fault
that you're unhappy?
It's not your fault.
It's me.
Young man,
buy a balloon for your girlfriend.
Sorry.
We are not in that kind of relationship.
It doesn't seem like it.
Then what can I do to make you a little happier?
Young man.
Buy a balloon for your girlfriend and she will be happy.
You can cheer her up.
Get one.
Do you want it?
No, thanks.
You really don't need it? I'm leaving.
Sir.
Xu Xiao.
How much is it?
Five.
I'll scan your code.
Okay.
Thank you.
Do you
want this?
Is this
for me?
If it makes you happy,
here you go.
Thank you.
Young man,
did you cheer up your girlfriend?
If not, how about another one?
No, thanks.
One is enough.
Are you sure?
I'm really leaving then.
Thank you.
Let's go.